tutorials/privaterepo.md, before:

# Working with Private GitHub Repositories

In order to work with private github repositories you need to create a [deploy key](https://developer.github.com/v3/guides/managing-deploy-keys/).

Lets start by creating an ssh key

```sh
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"
```

Save the key in any location. Now lets upload the key as a secret

```sh
kci secret <Location of Key>
```

Now we can create a [private repo](https://help.github.com/en/articles/setting-repository-visibility) in GitHub. After the repository is created navigate to Settings -> Deploy Keys and paste the value of your public key. Make sure to check the "Allow Push Access" checkbox.

We can now create the build file which will clone the repo and run steps

```yaml
repository: git@github.com:example/privatexample.git
repositorySSHKeySecret: private.key 
steps:
- image: alpine
  args:
    - echo
    - Hello
```

The **repositorySSHKeySecret** field specifies the name of the private key file we uploaded as a secret.

We can now run the build

```sh
kci <path to build file>
```

Commit message:

Private preview added known hosts

tutorials/privaterepo.md, after:

# Working with Private GitHub Repositories

In order to work with private github repositories you need to create a [deploy key](https://developer.github.com/v3/guides/managing-deploy-keys/).

Lets start by creating an ssh key

```sh
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"
```

Save the key in any location. Now lets upload the key as a secret

```sh
kci secret <Location of Key>
```

Next we need to create the known hosts file so that the build agent is not prompted to verify the key of the host.

Run the following command to generate the known hosts file. Replace github.com with the host name of your server.

```sh
ssh-keyscan -t rsa github.com | tee known_hosts
```

We'll update the known hosts file as a secret as well

```sh
kci secret known_hosts
```

Now we can create a [private repo](https://help.github.com/en/articles/setting-repository-visibility) in GitHub. After the repository is created navigate to Settings -> Deploy Keys and paste the value of your public key. Make sure to check the "Allow Push Access" checkbox.

We can now create the build file which will clone the repo and run steps
```yaml
repository: git@github.com:patnaikshekhar/KubernetesCIPrivateExample.git
sshkey: private.key
knownhosts: known_hosts
steps:
- image: alpine
  args:
    - cat
    - Readme.md
```

The **repositorySSHKeySecret** field specifies the name of the private key file we uploaded as a secret.

We can now run the build

```sh
kci <path to build file>
```
